Update README.md for Linux/Debian (#362)
CIMAC-CIDC/cidc-api-gae: README.md

psql cidc
```

> Next, you'll need to set up the appropriate tables, indexes, etc. in your local database. To do so, `cd` into the `cidc_api` directory (as your local user), then run:

Author: on Linux/Debian, you have to exit out of the `sudo` command

```bash
FLASK_APP=cidc_api.app:app flask db upgrade
```

> You will also need to have the proper `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` variable set. For more details on creating and running migrations, see [Running Migrations](#Running-Migrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to set the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable to the local path of the [credentials file](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#iam-service-account-keys-create-console) for the staging environment's App Engine service account.
```
